bloodsheds not been spilled just yet but
now here it comes with a flurry and it's
gonna mainly be the terrorists blood
that stains the ground of train
meanwhile blacken and forest they've got
to try and get some work done
no Molotov to use as a smoke on the site
anyway foresters picked up one can he go
any better than that
he knows oh my [__] god damn it do it
oh my [__] god I don't know why but
I'm streaming three years and I cannot
have more than four - you view verse 52
verse MUX and it's annoying me and it's
something what I cannot understand so
I'm trying so much to be positive to be
fine to be nice so I have more viewers
because it's important to me and yeah
this is killing me that I don't have
people watching my game playing I don't
know why maybe I'm bad I know I'm not
too good player but I don't know what's
going on here
I just don't know because the girls with
the boobs have more viewers than me so
it's something was killing me Eduard
winning the fight against taco oh no a
missed shot from cold serie that doesn't
happen very often he's isolated back
here still getting a kill but they're
just penetrating this chicken hut very
quickly simple gets one on fall and they
tried to knife him but changed his mind
halfway through cold c-raf one more kill
the
what's happening simple Oh No that's a
huge giveaway cold shower the quad kill
instead these can be used to try and get
a plot on the site's itself we've got
tizian who's trying to hide by the
battle tonight be the first to engage
but he'll be just battle pretty quickly
tis you're taking a shot fighting
getting his reload in just trying to be
serious in fact while we do have this a
little bit of a second I want to grab
this black monster right here that's
right on the why we gonna have a hear
that cracking open a cold one Duncan you
got a problem did you like the test that
black monster let's just go to the game
this is getting out of control
come on look no whoa this is not
happening right now
you're embarrassing yourself guys how
can you know this dear the first one it
also kills it you have to take down g2
SK and today you took down face
you have made history you are the
healing major champion thank you thank
you I don't really have much words to
say as you know I'm not crying you're
crying stop
yeah I mean not much to say I can't
really say too much I'm just super part
of the boys and for me as a European
like an unusual American city so it's
not like New York or Chicago LA like
it's the big ones at the branding gang
should keep it ten toes down all right
and I'm calling now Moses too speedy
fences you think simple is gonna hold us
be diva yeah hundred percent the planet
yeah say no it's a joke changed his mind
nobody does have it yeah it's 24 seconds
electronic picking up one kill simple
there with the AWP taking down rain
first next in line is all of my sir like
I said oh my god simple taking down
Guardian like a spiritual night god
Shiva moment eternity nobis Braga a
[__] not a balloon antique Navy one
with the drachma its Nagar are too tight
so she JS over stop it it's a Chekhov a
go 3t for Tots kappahd [__] no it's
about Maggie Wow Wow is that a massive
job ten seconds left Rob's has to hold
onto it
check him blocking the door I've not
seen that before that gets him killed
oh my god a chicken blocking the door
just got Rob's killed wrists as they
possibly can afford to take as they get
a boost into the window setting fluster
up and this is really critical if he's
undiscovered in that position it makes a
pretty good place that is big first
spotted and fragging connector fallen
has no idea
about flusher surely Oh party he does
the game sense unrivaled Dupree knows
what Kerrigan is this could be the kill
to do it he'll be coming around the back
tracks Kerrigan has no idea but he has
got vision of the bomb to preemies to
land two of these shots and that sits 16
to five and absolute battering and he
studied Vince he's going to be toying
with him like if please come back now
[Music]
on suspect entity
fastest fuckboys agent please an injury
he's got a flash he's doing he's being
doing his best effects he's just like
right they're all going I'm going this
the problem is the panics in Pitt and
here's the officer he's drinking put
that redbull Danites panic no what have
you done so I'm told
as if Express to work back inside of the
lobby 25 HP only to work with as the
bomb will reach its logical solution is
he gonna go for this are they still down
there oh my god oh my god oh my six
clutch ministers got a new service
unbelievable he is the clutch master
Tran hold off the rotation Oscars go on
Chris isn't op still in the picture off
still very much in the round Oh God
[Applause]
championship boy no sports but you did
very well so step off front because this
one's for you lift it up congratulations
this is gonna be able to get rid of fog
to the to important round for the
self-confidence there not only does
steal you need to you need to given the
fist-bumps telcon
[Laughter]
come on dude over here get out of the
way [__]
[Music]